
Eric Taylor

Code Pen Assignment link: https://codepen.io/ninobomb/pen/VwLyJLv?editors=1100


<!-- review questions to Submit in today's file firt-lastname.txt -->
    <!--
    Copy the questions below into the firt-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes.

        1. What is Semantic HTML?
            A way to clearly describe the meaning of our HTML to the browser and the developer.
        2. What is HTML used for?
            (Hyper Text Markup Language) It is used to describe the structure and presentation of information via the internet.
        3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
            It is a special word or words placed inside the opening tag. It is used to control the elements behavior.
        4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
            It is usually used for the title of a page. Normally it is the first header on the webpage. We should use it only once per page, but multiple H1's can be used as long as it fits contextually within the structure of a page.
        5. Name two tags that have required attributes
            img tag and link tag.

        6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
        <title>
        <style>
        <base>
        <link>
        <meta>
        <script>
        7. What is an id?
            The id attribute specifies a unique id for an HTML element (the value must be unique within the HTML document).
        8. What elements can I add an id to?
            I can add the id attribute to all HTML elements.
        9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
            Only one time.
        10. What is a class?
            A class is an attribute which specifies one or more class names for an HTML element.
        11. What elements can I add a class to?
            To all HTML elements.
        12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
            As many times as needed.
        13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
            By using: target="_blank"
        14. What is the alt attribute used for?
            it specifies an alternate text for an image, if the image cannot be displayed.
        15. How do I reference an id?
            Like this: #name of the id (so hash tag + name of the id placed on my HTML)
        16. What is the difference between a section and a div
            A section defines a a section in a document and a div has no especial meaning at all.
        17. What is CSS used for?
            CSS is used to define styles for web pages, including the design, layout and variations in display for different devices and screen sizes
        18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
            h2{
            }
        19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
            The only difference between them is that “id” is unique in a page and can only apply to at most one element, while “class” selector can apply to multiple elements.
            -I would use an id attribute when I want to change the text inside an H1 tag with Javascript.
            - I would use the class when I want to change the color of the background of a section.
        20. How do we select classes in CSS?
            By typing a period. Example: .myclass{}
        21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
            .human p{}
        22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
            -The ("parent > child") selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element.
            -It can be useful when I have various nested items. For example a nav that has a "ul" with 2 "li's" and another "nested ul" with nested "li's"
        23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
            div .sidebar a
        24. What is a pseudo selector?
            It's a selector that assists in the selection of something that cannot be expressed by a simple selector, for example: a:hover
        25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
            line-height: add the required height

        26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
            letter-spacing: and the desired spacing in pixels (px)
        27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
            text-transform:capitalize
            text-transform:uppercase
            text-transform:lowercase
        28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
            border-width: 1px;
        29. How do I select everything on the page?
            *{
            }
        30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
            /* Comment goes here */

        31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
            pwd (print working directory)
        32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
            ls
        33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
            rm filename
            -We must be careful because there is no warning and files are removed permanently (deleted files will not appear in trash)
        34. Why should I use version control?
            It is the best way to control edited files (code) when working in a team. It also helps to revert to the original code in a file if an edited code within a file is broken or not working, etc.
        35. How often should I commit to github?
            -Each time I finish a step or piece of code within a file.
        36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
            git push --all
        37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
            1-create my own version of the repository by using "fork"
            2-check that my name is infront of the repo name to make sure the "fork" worked
            3-Add my TL as a collaborator
            4-clone the repository
            5-in my terminal use the cd command to go to the directory where I am going to clone the repository to
            6-enter git clone <link to repo>
            7-cd into the newly created repository
            8-use git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname' to create my own branch name for the repo
            9-work on the repository
            10-use "add ." each time I make a change to the file
            11-use commit -m "a message" to commit the changes that I added
            12-push my changes to my github repository by using git push -u origin branch-name
            13-I will go to the forked project on the repository by clicking on the Branch:master drop down menu where I will select my branch names
            14-Click on my branch name and click on New Pull Request button
            15-on the Pull Request page I will click on the dropdown button that says "base repository" and change it to my forked repository
            16-I will add my TL to the Reviewers and I will submit the pull Request
            17-I have to make sure to NOT MERGE my own pull request - My TL will merge it once the code has been reviewed

    Stretch Questions

        1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
            Inline elements do not force a new line to begin in the document flow. Block elements cause a line break to occur
        2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?
            An element with position absolute will be positioned relative to the nearest positioned ancestor.
        3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width?
            inline-block
        4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
            -Display Block: p, header, div
            -Display Inline: img, a, span
            -nav li
        5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model?
            -it is basically a box that wraps around all HTML elements. We use Margin, Border, and Padding, and the content itself.
              -Content - The content of the box, where text and images appear
              -Padding - Clears an area around the content. The padding is transparent
              -Border - A border that goes around the padding and content
              -Margin - Clears an area outside the border. The margin is transparent



       -->